Translators: emzhaek, kwanghwamuns, yeyeyeshai, shashuhaimi, eaindrayyy99
nottheeastsea, neyisheng, potatochul, yehearts
Timers: emzhaek, believedintime, potatochul, hypnosnyks, ryeowonism, kekeOlv, chohyukiwa, elf_irha, jngsxx, nottheeastsea, mabelle5794, botticelli, akanamjoon, winecouple0137, shimaa1994
Typesetters: emzhaek, botticelli, haelic, shimaa1994
Encoders/Uploaders: impudens, hypnosnyks
On a cold windy winter day
SUPER TV SUBS
Supported by fans,
Leader Leeteuk's nonstop talking starts
Super TV is what our show will be called
Leeteuk's Big Picture
(I)dol cra(zy) + (var)iety
icra-iety Super TV
Reality, Food show, Quiz show, how would it be if they meet Super Junior?
Traditional entertainment format
and SUPER JUNIOR meets!
Recreating a new format
SUPER JUNIOR's entertainment formula
For real, going to prison and becoming a prisoner
tvN's drama 'Prison Playbook'
Someone will have to go to prison for real
We will do Three meals a day but with frozen food
Food reality show
'Three Meals A Day'
Three Meals of Frozen food!
Then send him to prison and let him experience prison life!
Reputable crazy-idols
Then he will eat three meals of frozen food
Spouting of crazy (?) ideas because they're excited
Doing things like going into ice water or jumping into the sea
Go into  ice water
or dive into the sea
They are flustered by more crazy(?) ideas
If the concept is like this, I want to try it then.
NaPD wants to try it too
Okay! Success!!
SUPER JUNIOR'S own entertainment show
Oh! The ice water! I thought we'll really enter ice water! I was shocked
Starts right now!
SUPER JUNIOR'S dorm
It's been so long since I last came to the dorm
It's really been a long time
The agreed meeting time for shooting is 10:00AM
Who out of the kids is here so far?
Everyone except Lee Donghae
Ah Heechul Hyung isn’t here yet either
It's just us three
1,2,3 and Shindong is always here
This is Shindong's room
Shindong has been in his room for a while
Kyuhyun came too
Why are they late
for the first shoot?
This is bad, we need to set rules
Talking ends with scary Heechul's arrival
Is it starting already?
Is it starting now?
Hey your lips are unusually red?
House owner(?) Shindong emerges
No, I just woke up
Excessively red lips
Ah I'm even wearing my Pajamas
What will I do if you notice it
I didn't even wash my hair
Don't you think you applied too much lipstick?
- SD: No, my lips are originally red
- LT: Always?
Red lips because he heard the members were coming
I welcome you to my house
Did you guys try the massage chair?
It's not working though? I tried it earlier
The cord isn’t plugged in that's why!
You should plug the cord in first
But it's plugged in?
It's plugged in
Really?
There's no way this wouldn't work
Then why?
It can't be
Missing line from translation [Steph]
Should I change it?
This Hyung
can't do it
Hyung used this a lot, right?
Yeah
No wonder the cushion is disappearing
Get lost
Get lost like the cushion too!
You tried this before and said it was really good in the past
Distracted from the start
When I tried this before in your house it was a new world to me
A relationship where they fight using a massage chair
One person arrives while humming
You arrived~
Hey hurry up
Hey! Why are you so late!
You're really late!
Hey what time is it? We waited 2 hours already! You really
Why are they
like this to me
Most stern in the world whilst receiving a massage
There's no Boom microphone
Cries out for boom mic out of nowhere
Oh, you know the boom microphone because you’ve done some shows now?
Oh~ Lee Donghae has fully become an entertainer
At last the six SUJU members have gathered
Oh~ Why does it only work on my left hand?
Is the part for the right hand broken?
It’s left handed
I’m left handed~
[T/N: - Song by Panic - Left Handed]
You arrived~
Hey the dorm really became clean!
Hyung… but… this... really... it's good
Perfect new world
Whether the Hyungs come or not, I'm a massage-holic
I told you it's really good
Oh, I remember when we used to live here
It's been a long time to visit the dorm
Is this where we lived?
No, me, Kyuhyun and
Ryeowook
Ryeowook. We lived here and moved up
You lived here too and left saying you’ll get married
No! That wasn’t that time
Flustered
Oh!! Hyung! Oh!! This-
My butt! Hyung!
Hey stop that
I wanna try it once
Hyung!
Like a black hole,
The chair massager is full of charms~
I know, I know
Hey Yesung come here! Quickly!
We don’t have time for this, we need to move on
Distracted-Junior is here as well today...
Hey! Let's start by ordering food first!
For now, order food first!
There's some strawberries in there
Go wash some Strawberries
I’m having Deja Vu
This seems familiar...
Hey
At the time of the first shoot
Yo yo yo yo!
Let's order food first
No, let's order food first!
As soon as he arrives
Food-seeking Dong-crates
I'll order what I want
Yes Hyung order what you want
First of all, let's order food
As usual today with the food talk
Hey, when Yesung comes will he cry again?
I'm… with the members…
I did activities alone right?
On the first day when gathered to shoot
I kept experiencing both disappointment and happiness
Working alone without the members
I remember the days
When we're together I want us to be each other's comfort
Sob
sob
Become successful
Hey Donghae, you come here too
Hey why are your lips so red?
No, they're always like this!
Feigns ignorance
You're like someone from Itaewon
Meanwhile the members got sidetracked again
Forget that
Being in the dorm while wearing makeup is really weird
This kind of broadcast is really fake
-  SD: Hey, let's remove it
- EH: Let’s wipe it off and come back
Why is your hair like that when we're in the dorm?
hour hand snap
I'm like this. I woke up like this
But seriously...
Been standing for awhile
holding the strawberries
Hey what will we do with the strawberry?
Are we really going to eat this?
Yes.
Really gonna eat it?
Instead of shooting, go wash strawberries...
Go wash it
LT: So,
Hey, hey! One person is having a massage, one is washing strawberries
It’s a surprise the audio director hasn’t quit already
I think the number of staff has decreased though?
Ah~
What are you doing?
Ah it really hurts
What is this mess?
6 split screens
What is this?
What I'm sure is this is messier than the Knowing Brothers classroom
That's for sure
You guys are the best at being distracting
Anyway hey
So, this time we're doing Super TV right?
We're the front runners of XtvN
XtvN's forefront entertainment
That’s right
They said it back then.
It's a little burdensome...
This is going to be that big?
We're not the only ones that think that, right?
The airing time isn’t decided yet
We can say what time we prefer to air
It's important
Here’s the schedule
I heard XtvN targets viewers in their 10s-30s
That's very important
The last time that we met with the PDs,
They said that the best time would be 8pm to 12am
On Friday they have a Super Model contest!
At 6pm
That's just for that day
What about it?
They won't do it every week
Dec. 15 will be our first airing!
That's the day of airing?
Is that what's written?
Something feels odd?
Nope
If it's Dec 15...
Then it already passed!
What is this?
When did it pass?
On the day of shooting
Already New Year's Eve
Let's check tvN's schedule
We're aiming for 10s and 20s right?
Then we can't overlap with Music Bank
Right
This is tvN's Line
There’s 'The Dictionary of Useful Knowledge'
It's not 'useful' it's 'useless'!
'The Dictionary of Useless Knowledge' is really good!
We should watch that
After 'The Dictionary of Useless Knowledge'
After that?
It must be Youn's Kitchen
We should be in front of the well-doing show
Viewer ratings tip!
.                                      .
When put in front a good program,
you'll receive good ratings
- LT: Right
- SD: You know?
I think 10pm would be a really good spot
After Youn's Kitchen?
Yesung chose a very late time-slot
Then we're the same time as Youn's Kitchen?
After it
Let's do it at the same time!
At the same time?
That way if this doesn’t work out we at least have an excuse
The important thing is XtvN and tvN are simultaneous
Ah really?
I think if we go after that, we overlap with ‘Law of the Jungle’
Not an easy time-slot
We should be before them
8pm would be nice
Because when people turn the TV on for Youn’s Kitchen, some will be on this channel
Viewer ratings tip!
.                                      .
If you put it before,
you can get a high viewership rate
That’s right
While changing channels
Where is Youn's kitchen airing?
tvN
How many times have we said?!
So we...
Did not
Understand
We're on XtvN
Ah! My head hurts!
Goodness Eunhyuk-ah...
Let's not do the show!
Frustrated
****** HEY!
Hyung! You can't say that!
Shower of affection
No cursing~
So we'll stick to Youn's Kitchen?
Yes
Ah~
Then let’s do this
If we convince Youn's Kitchen nicely,
They'll do Youn's kitchen in 2 parts and we'll be in the middle!
It sounds good?
When Youn's kitchen is doing commercial our show can be broadcasted
You're close with Seojin Hyung, right?
Me?
Ah Seojin Hyung?
Seojin Hyung is in Youn's kitchen?
Yes~ This kid doesn't know anything
How is he like this...
Who appears on Youn's Kitchen?
Lee Soogeun!
Why is Hyung like this too?
He's not there
Oh, is that Kang's Kitchen?
Jung Yumi’s on it right?
These people really
Is it okay to calmly discuss it like this...
Right
Someone close to Na PD should ask the favor
Oh hey!
Ah right!
Na PD chose you
He's wasn’t there right?
He wants to work with you
Donghae chosen by Na PD
What was the reason?
He said he wants to meet you
If you were to make a new program, amongst us 5, who would you chose?
At the time of PPT presentation
I like Donghae
Ah, he’s not here today
I watched Knowing Brothers and Donghae was really funny
I want to meet him but he's not here today
I was waiting for Donghae in my heart
He wants to work with you
That's how Na Youngseok PD
picked Donghae
He said he wants to meet you
He wants to work with you
Should I do variety shows?
You're doing one right now!
But it doesn’t seem like you’re adjusting well to it right now?
Passionately eating salad
Do I even need to get adjusted to this?
What is he?
With Donghae, when we did SJ Returns, his awkwardness was natural
Now he’s felt that
He’s trying to act natural while eating
Swayed by the taste (?) of an awkward character, Donghae
I think he's trying to express that
He’s eating in order to get attention his way
Actually Donghae is like...
This camera is fascinating
Unfamiliar with cameras even as a 13-year old celebrity
I can't do something like this
In front of numerous cameras
UNEASY
You still can't look at the camera?
Donghae has a phobia being in front of camera
Why should I look at the camera?
The camera should be looking at me
I'm making eye contact with the camera
From some point
eye contact with camera
I'm bored now so I’m here with Donghae camera
Launched DonghaeTV without being told to do it
I shouldn't be in front of the camera too much
In the end, Donghae...
But strangely it doesn’t feel unfamiliar
After 13 years, he became bff's (?) with the camera
I think he knows what he's doing
I'll try hard~
As we said before, this won’t be a season
Going back to the point again
We’re going to be a regular show
Formally organize Super TV
Everyone, stop pretending like you’re hearing this stuff for the first time
I heard it's 4 episodes?
No
We asked this
When starting a show how many episodes will it take to see the predicted results?
[T/N: They're using internet slang Japanese words]
Ah not that word
Outline?
To see an outline
Hey!
This isn’t an internet broadcast!
Losing face
What do you think you're doing?!
Sorry
Sorry (in Japanese)
For using vocabulary slanders, we apologize~
Usually its 4 episodes,
If the 4 episodes do well, then they go up to 8 or 12 episodes
We don't have that
Super TV is set to be a regular show already
We’re going for a regular show
When our Shinhwa Hyungs did ‘Shinhwa Broadcast’ it lasted for 3 years
- HC: The show did really well so they added more episodes
- SD: It was the best
Shinhwa Broadcast (2012~2014)
.                                          .
Korea’s longest running idol group Shinhwa
A variety programme with 6 members
called Shinhwa Broadcast. Went up
to a whopping number of 70 episodes
- LT: There was like 60 episodes
- YS: 70
As far as I know, other than the Shinhwa Hyungs,
- SD: There hasn’t been programmes with full groups together
- HC: There’s not been any successful ones
If you look here, idols-
Looking at variety shows idols have done in recent years
I.O.I’s Cable Friends, WJSN’s Would You Like Girls
I liked 'Would You Like Girls'
Twice’s Elegant Private Life
I really like watching that too!
Hyung, you’ve seen them all?!
When I was in the army
I’ve seen them too, at least one episode
More
and more
Wow, there’s really a lot of shows
Though there are many idol variety shows
But 'Shinhwa Broadcast' was the biggest
The real top of idol variety was [Shinhwa Broadcast]
All the others are just reality shows
You’re right, pretty much
I think it will be hard to predict what we should do to make a variety show do well lately
Because there’s so many different genres
Due to there being many genres
And the viewers' tastes being different too
That’s right
There’s going on trips, eating broadcasts
What’s our genre?
We did a presentation remember!
Super Junior’s own variety format!
Reality, food, quiz, talk show, audition programmes
Variety is
Reality,
Food show,
Quiz show,
Talk show,
Auditions etc.
Variety formats of many different genres
There are many formats
Super Junior will meet all and create something new
Meeting with Super Junior
They get changed into a different new format
We talked about it then
We did but... I would like it if we didn’t do it like that
Really?
Suddenly?
Yeah
Then, tell us your thoughts
Because no matter what, you can never be better than the original
With anything
No, they say imitation is the mother of creation
[T/N: Heechul said the correct expression but changed the order a bit so they’re confused]
The mother of creation is imitation…
Correct
That’s an expression
Is it: ‘The mother of imitation is creation’?
The mother
of imitation?
of creation?
It seems a bit different?
Something is weird?
The mother of creation is imitation
Is that not it?
Changjo is from Teen Top
[T/N: The word for 'creation' in Korean is Changjo]
Changjo is from Teen Top though
No, it’s Shinhwa’s Changjo!
Changjo is Shinhwa’s Changjo of course!
What is he haha
Are you still eating?
This guy is just a viewer in his living room
Are you a rabbit?
Isn’t it: ‘The mother of imitation is creation’?
The debate about the mother of imitation that gets more controversial the more they speak
No, it’s: ‘imitation is the mother of creation’
We’re like idiots
We’re like total idiots
If a new variety meets with Suju,
Leeteuk who explains about the format once again
It won’t be that we’d change anything but that a new format of variety will be born
Wistful
So it’s just gonna be like taking a hit at this and that?
So anyhow Super TV will be
Using the style of taking a hit at whatever?
Exactly! So, we-
Like this
This Hyung is weird
Give me a reaction, let’s act close
Give me a reaction
Let’s do that!
Like the show “Dad! Where are you going?”
For example
Like [Dad! Where are you going?]
Let’s send off just our dad’s on a trip for real
Sending only our dads on vacation
And we watch
Super Junior’s
[Where did our dads go for real?]
That doesn’t sound bad
I like that
And in “Super Junior Brothers”
Using the format of [Knowing Brothers]
Using Donghae’s real Hyung, we can make a show just with older brothers
With Donghae’s big bro, a variety using only real big brothers
Knowing Bro
Super Junior’s
[A brother we know for real]??
A real knowing brother
Having actual brothers we know?
Using the format of [Life Bar]
Using “A Life Bar” we can go to bars that we like to go to usually
Filming at bars we each frequent
Sounds good
We can do it all
Putting all the variety formats together to use is Super TV
They’re good ideas
What is the blue box for?
For Suju’s own variety format
Can I just pick?
It’s already decided?
A picking box
Who got it right?
Food show
Food show!
Quiz show
Quiz!
Movie?
Movie!
Nobody wrote that down though?
Do we just go as we speak?
You’ve made this into too big of a deal!
Aaaaaaah!!!
Donghae
SUJU
Then the people coming today-
Dizzy
I can’t do this!
I can’t do it if it’s like this!
If you act like this I will also become a gangster!
If you be like this I will also become a gangster!!
I can’t hold back!
Really?
Dumb
Founded
Get some clothes at least!
Something that made Suju so shocked
The secret of the picking box?
This is amazing
It would be fun if it was like that
Yeah, it’d be like that
Then
Deal!
Okay then, let’s do it like that
Suddenly changed
What’s up
with him lol
We said this when doing the ppt
Crazy Variety
That’s how the idol crazy variety was created
[T/N: ‘Dol’ is a part of the words ‘Idol’, ‘Crazy’ and ‘Turn’ in Korean]
It has the meaning of crazies as well but also the format will keep turning and changing
It’s a word that includes changing up the format
Idol plus crazy
So, first Eunhyuk will go into ice water
That’s right! You said you’d go into ice water!
Right!
No, no, no
Flustered
You have to do it, it was a promise!
In my opinion, you have to do something to get attention
After the presentation for Super TV
Like going into ice water or running into the sea
Shock
I recommend going into ice water
As a resolution
Kim Yoogeon CP that
recommends Ice Water
Why do you like ice water so much?!
Ice water normally leaves a big impression
The viewers can see that you have a resolution
Making jokes about ice water with such a serious face
We see, can- can show a resolution to that extent
Eunhyuk who is falling for it
But, why did Kim Yoogon PD keep on saying that?!
Why is Kim Yoogeon CP like that
Literally all he talked about was ice water
Wants to cry just thinking about it
Ice Water
would be fun lol
Yeah, you have to go into ice water
Then firstly,
I think we all have to know our individual characters first
I think we should know our characters!
We should know our characters
You have to know yourself to succeed
If you know your enemies and yourself, you will not be imperiled in a hundred battles
When we gathered last time, we talked about this
- SD: Our popularity, likability and recognition, stuff like that
- LT: That was the most fun
Number one in likability right now is probably Heechul Hyung
Before preparing the album
The members that did a self-analysis of their likability
Nobody even knows you
The warm(?) fact attacks coming and going
That’s why there’s no comparison
I think Yesung is 4th
And the unstoppable evaluations
I’m 5th, you’re 6th
It was a self-analysis that only left them with scars
Let’s do an analysis of variety skills!
This time too, let’s do variety sense,
Who does best in Variety shows
That’s a
good idea
What we’re best at
We should know this stuff
Because this is a variety show, let’s do
What are virtues for entertainers?
Being funny
How funny, hosting ability, reactions
Hosting
Reactions
Like a pentagram!
Let’s make a variety skills pentagram!
Let’s make a pentagram
Let’s pick 5 things
I’ll do the writing
The first virtue: Hosting ability
Hosting
Adlibs
It should be quick wits
The second virtue: Quick wits
Quick Wits
Reactions
The third virtue: Reactions
Stamina
The fourth virtue: Stamina
Stamina is important
What’s one other thing we could do?
Just do looks
How are we supposed to look (for variety)?
What is the appearance supposed to be like?
Like you
Looks that are full of variety skill?
What else is important for variety?
[T/N: Basically being the butt of jokes/receiving jokes well]
That thing! Being a sandbag
Receiving
Number 5
Receiving jokes with a sandbag action
Sandbag
What would you call that?
The sandbag role?
Receiving
It’s the sandbag role!
So you’re just gonna write sandbag?
It looks a bit weird
Sandbag sound a bit lame…
Being a receiver?
We have to have a Kim Youngchul role!
Kim Youngchul role from [Knowing Bros]
Indeed
Then I’m just gonna write Kim Youngchul
Whatever
I’m just writing Kim Youngchul!
Actually wrote it
Youngchul Hyung is amazing
Youngchul became a part of the important pentagram!
Amongst the pentagram
He takes up a corner~
I’ll write Youngchul role
The fifth virtue: Youngchul role
Suju’s variety skills pentagram
Hosting
Quick wits
Reactions
Stamina
Youngchul role
So we don’t need special talents anymore?
That’s a part of quick wits
Oh so it goes into that?
Talents are included in Quick Wits
- LT: Special talents is included into having quick wits
- HC: Okay this is Leeteuk’s page
Leeteuk’s?
First member to be analysed
Hosting addicted Leeteuk
Leeteuk
Are they all out of 5?
Hosting is 5 points of course
Unanimous
As expected of a hosting-holic, 5 points for Hosting
5 points for hosting
Quick wits is a little lower right?
Honestly it’s lower
Haaa
He’s not that quick witted
It’s much lower
How many points will you give me?
One point
One Point
One point?
One is too low!
Flustered
It should be at least 3 points
Should be 3 points…
Decided
No, his reactions are good
Let’s hear from the other members
Give me 3 points
In the variety baby’s eyes
The leader’s quick wits ranking is?
Other than hosting, he’s not very quick witted
Acknowledging the variety baby’s fact attack!
Okay, I’ll acknowledge that
His reactions are good
Reactions are good
Reactions should be 4 points?
Reaction is unanimously 4 points??
Since he was on Star King
Was MC with him at some point
Eunhyuk who has something to say
But his reactions are also like-
They push people away right?
No it’s not that
Dizzy
His reactions depend on his mood
It differs depending on Hyung’s mood
Then 3 points
Minus 1 point
It’s going so low
Dizzy at the fact attacks he didn’t expect
Stamina
Honestly I don’t think his stamina is good
My variety stamina is good!
His variety stamina is really good!
That’s only when the camera is there
Then 4 points? 5?
Then 4 points? 5 points?
Concentration also fits into stamina and his is really good so 5 points, he's the best
Concentration is included in stamina so 5 points
He’s not good at the receiving sandbag role
Lastly the Youngchul role?
No wait, he is good
He’s good at the Youngchul role too though?
He’s good
He guides the sandbag
To get hit
Why does he have so many 5's?
But he doesn’t receive well
He can’t throw back
That’s right
3 points!
After receiving a joke I should pass it on but I don’t do that well?
It’s like this
This isn’t so bad
Self
Satisfied
It’s good, he’s definitely a good person for variety
The shape has formed
What kind of shape will Leeteuk’s be?
Oh, it’s like a diamond!
This is Leeteuk’s
It’s like a Sapphire
It’s good
Hello Aunties~
Please take care of us~
Please make it tasty~
You need to rub it well
The Laver, rice and meat
The carbohydrates, proteins and seaweed
Who is this Hyung…
Can’t I just stand here like this?
Hyung that’s a hosting disease
I know, right?
Indeed, it’s a trend of newer hosting in our country
Hyung, you’re hosting too much
There’s no emotion in his tone!
I’m leaving today everyone
Hosting even when alone
I will leave to find the lost me
Hosting-holic that doesn’t get tired Leeteuk
Now it’s me
Second member to be analysed
Entertainment trend Heechul
I’m anxious
Quick wits, 5 points
Yeah 5 points for quick wits
Agreed
Truthfully, I can’t host
Admits himself
I can’t host…
2 points, it’s around 2 points
Firstly, you don’t really like hosting
Yeah I don’t exactly like it
But if a girl group is around, Heechul hosts well
Explosive hosting skills if there’s a girl group
Then 4 points
If it’s a boy group then it’s 1 point
Unbalanced with groups hosting skill 3 points
No, 0 points
3 points, then
Reactions
The third virtue: Reactions
I’m not that great with reactions
He needs a female around
Sorry boy groups
Indeed he just needs a girl group
If a boy group comes
2 points
2 points is a lot
Since it’s 5 for girl groups and 1 for boy groups, then 3?
It’s too different with both so 2 points
2?
Yeah 2
You’re getting greedy right now, aren’t you?
Weirdly greedy for reactions
You want a big pentagram, don’t you?
But his stamina is also a game of luck!
No, for stamina, I’m 0
Admits himself
Stamina is 0
I can’t go outdoors
He can’t go outdoors and he’s bad at long shootings
Then 1
There’s no 0 right?
Lowest 1 point, Highest 5 points
We’re only doing one to five
Heechul Stamina 1
We don’t have 0 so 1
Now it’s the Kim Youngchul role
Lastly the Youngchul role
I can’t do this well
Heechul is always throwing out jokes,
I can’t get hit
But because he’s so strong with throwing them out,
Other people can’t receive his jokes
That’s right
1 point
0 points
0?
Jokes
Let’s do 1
Then, Hyung, you only specialize in quick wits!
I can’t live
Hyung, you got this far using only your quick wits?!
Heechulie Hyung respect
You’re amazing Hyung!
‘I’m meeting my friends so I’m shy shy shy!”
Full tank of excitement (?)
It’s the programme’s first guest
Does it have to be a man?
It won’t be…   It won’t be…
Oh, will a female come?!
Looking
Bright
What should I do about my makeup?!
I have no makeup on though…
Kims! Where are my Kims?!
Let’s have 6 female guests and end this before dinner time!
If we’re still filming passed 8pm, that’s when I’ll turn into a gangster!
Kim Heechul that displays a stark difference between genders
Truthfully his quick wits isn’t like 5 points but around 8-9 points
He’s like 10 points
Unrivaled when it comes to Quick wits
I really don’t have any stamina or ability in Youngchul’s role
The 3rd member to be analysed is Yesung
Next, Yese- Yesung
[T/N: He was about to say Yesex]
Nervous
Okay, Yesung, Hosting 0, so 1 point
Quick wits is 1 point-
Wait a sec, wait a sec...
Reactions is 1 point.
Oh, I agree
Stamina is 1 point
- SD: Kim Youngchul skill is 5 points.
-  HC: Sandbag Youngchul skill, 5!
Variety baby sympathizes
Ugh...
But this is…
It’s 9’o’clock!
_9PM_
HAHAHA
This is something Hyung thought of.
You thought of this alone.
Let’s talk about it together.
- Let’s talk about it together.
- Ah, okay, we’ll talk about it together.
Ah, before I curse.
Do it again before I start cursing
Hosting, one point!
- Quick wits, one point!
- Why, I’m quick witted!
- Reactions, 1 point!
- My reactions right now are good!
- Stamina, one point!
- Hah, I‘m really-
Really just got 1~
- Kim Youngchul role, you are really good!
- Five points!
I have good stamina!
- Ah, stamina, no...
- You don’t have any.
Wronged
Stamina, why? Why is my stamina not good?
Because your throat is weak
You keep do broadcasts while being cautious of your throat. You think about your throat’s condition
This is a
conspiracy
But, I shout loudly don’t I?
Like, “What do you want me to do right now?!!!”
But you can’t do that for 12 hours
The reflexes you showed
just now, 1 point!
Okay, wait a sec
But, my reactions are good! Whenever the members do something, I react well!
Okay, let’s see it!
Let’s see it!
‘This is fun’.
Oh! Hahahaha!
That’s too much!
His face got so red right now
‘This is sad’.
Even variety baby sees him pitifully
His face is so red
Be sad
Sad Yesung
‘It’s sad, but funny’
Okay, so, 1 point!
- Now next!
- So, Yesung Hyung actually isn’t a variety person, huh.
Oh, I’m stressed.
Yesung who is not satisfied with the result
Next is Shindong.
Truthfully speaking, Shindong is a five for hosting.
- He’s a different kind of five from you.
- In hosting.
Oh, thank you.
He’s a ‘10’ for hosting events.
For things like events.
I really experienced that feeling
when I was in the army.
Unrivaled in hosting events
Quick wits, 3 points? 4?
For fast thinking, I’m not that high. Truthfully speaking.
Agree
- What about reactions for Shindong?
- Reactions, 4.
I’m really good at laughing in reaction
That’s why it’s a 5 for reactions
Oh, that’s high
- Oh, stamina?
- Stamina...
But his mental is like trash, so...
He runs away if it gets tiring while he’s doing a broadcast!
He’s a broadcast punk!
How many times did I run away for you to say that?!
Feeling
dizzy
You’re a mental trashcan
Menseu (Mental trashcan) Stamina 1
And, you’re good at the sandbag role
He’s good at it
Actually, I’m not that good at taking jokes
He’s not the style to just take it
Shindong has a good distribution
Shindong with a good distribution chart
I’m the style to throw jokes
Honestly, I don’t understand my rankings
Grumbling
- YS: Don't you think it makes no sense?
- EH: It makes so much sense to me! For sure
-LT: Shindong’s is such a contrast from Yesung’s
- EH: It’s amazing
Hyung! Don’t you think that I have good stamina, though?
I’m always the first prepared when we go to the salon. I’m always prepared.
Sad Yesung
Yesung is cute
Hyukjae
Next is Eunhyuk’s variety type analysis
Hyuk
Eunhyuk
- HC: Hosting is...
- YS: His hosting isn’t that good
If you see Leeteuk as a five, then Eunhyuk is about a 3?
Let’s go with 2~
Hosting is a 2, because I’m a 3.
Because I have programs where I host as the MC
Oh, you’re right
I’m a 2?
Then you’re just 1 point difference with me!
That’s not... It shouldn’t be as low as a 2...
You’re only about a 2. This guy has never hosted before
Yesung who does not agree with Eunhyuk
I do host! I hosted a lot in the army!
Then I’ll tell you exactly. I saw him host while in the army, and I saw that exactly as a 2.
Totally
Speechless
You’ve progressed a lot
I’m not the hosting style
What about reflexes?
He used to be a 5, but he dropped a bit recently, so now he’s a 4
That’s not it, I’m just lying low right now
Totally
disagrees
Wait, for fast thinking, does it have to be funny? Since it’s variety?
If you have sensor... sense...
[T/N: He said sense wrong]
- If you have sensor?
- Sensor?
Since this is variety, you have to have quick wits for things that are suitable to air on broadcast
Why is he
standing up?
- LT: Hey, Eunhyuk is nervous right now.
- EH: No, no.
If this was before he went to the army, Eunhyuk would actually have the best quick wits out of all our members!
He’d break through the rankings
- HC: So, reflexes, right now is 4 points
- EH: Okay, 4
Ah, I can’t drop in reflexes…
Reaction. He’s a bit weak in reactions. Eunhyuk also has a weak throat.
1! Reaction, 1!
Wait, 1 isn’t right
His voice always breaks at concerts
In Super Junior, you have the best stamina as a singer
But stamina for variety... Change it to 1
Hyung, I got a 1 for hosting earlier, but when I did DJ-ing with you... I did DJ-ing by myself for 2 years!
There’s no ranking for ‘grudges’ here, right?
First place in losing temper
And for Youngchul role, 5. You're a good sandbag
He likes it, he likes it
Wait, Hyung!
It’s a notice for 9 o’clock!
The Unanimous Game!
Embarrassed
Hey! This is all you prepared?!
Do this well once~
Can you go away?
- HC: Eunhyuk, give that to me~
- EH: What?
[T/N: Word play on 'give' and 'get lost', which sound similar in Korean]
Get lost~
Bitter
smile
After discharging, he is still buffering
Anchovy Eunhyuk who dreams to be full level entertainer
Eunhyuk’s isn’t that different from Yesung’s
Both look like 9pm
Let’s shake hands
Hyung, you can’t say that, Yesung Hyung will stick to me-
Why are you like this?
I'm different to Hyung!
- HC: The last one
- SD: Donghae
Hm, this guy is a bit difficult
Donghae...
Today's most difficult variety baby
He’s a bit hard to evaluate
Hosting is…
0!
Zero? We don’t have zero…
Let’s go into the negatives, let’s go down to zero! Hosting, zero!
Quick wits, zero. Reaction…
But he kept giving reactions while eating earlier
Reactions, 1
Donghae's little reactions are revealed
When members are talking
That’s right, that’s right
That's right, that's right
If it’s at Apgujeong-
When working hard at eating salad
That can’t happen
That’s right, that’s right. You have to do that.
I think so too
You can’t do that!
A variety baby with his own audio going on
Stamina, zero
Because, he doesn’t have the right attitude
And the important thing is that he can’t receive things either!
If you throw him something, he just stays still. He just thinks.
Excited to diss the youngest
Okay! Lee Donghae!
Variety shape for variety baby is?
Oh! Lee Donghae. His is just a mole under a nose.
If Donghae is this bad, shouldn’t he not get paid?
You really ate for free this whole time
If it’s like this, Shindong’s is the best
The result of Super Junior variety strength analysis
Oh, Shindong, 5 points… Shindong, Leeteuk…
You can actually tell who does variety. Looking at the pentagon charts.
Hosting
Youngchul
role
Stamina
Reactions
Quick
wits
You can’t say that I’m a variety person
You’re specialized in this area though
To have a 5 means that-
You and I are not that different
Hey, that’s not right
We’ve [LT, HC, SD] done a lot of variety, so we got a distribution.
But this is an important point!
But before, when we met the PDs, you, Donghae and Eunhyuk got the most votes
Who do you want to do this with?
The most voted Super Junior
member to work with
Yesung
Director Kim Sukhyun -> Yesung
I like Donghae
Na Youngseok PD -> Donghae
I really wanted to do it with Eunhyuk
CP Kim Yoogeon -> Eunhyuk
I wanted to do it with Eunhyuk too
CP Kim Jonghoon -> Eunhyuk
Eunhyuk for me too
Team Leader Lee Kihyuk -> Eunhyuk
No. 1 PD preference with 3 votes!
I’ll go make coffee!
After that, Teuk and I talked with them, “Why did you choose like this?”
Shindong and Teuk who are curious of the reason
After the ppt
They said they wanted to find hidden gems
But, I constantly kept doing variety shows before, so why am I a hidden gem…
The saddest one is this guy. Because he kept doing variety.
It’s like this, it’s been 12 years since debut but you still feel like a rookie
I like that feeling
Until when are you gonna keep hiding?
But I like that feeling. I don’t really like being seen by what’s on the surface
I think you have to lose some reflexes. 4, 5?
Dissing until the end
I think we need to decide on some rules
We need these
It’s important
Procedure needed before starting the program!
This is very important
Because during Returns…
Because during Returns, we decided not to be late!
Deciding Super Junior's rules
Let’s make some rules, and make a protocol
For SJ Returns they made Super Junior's
rule board too
First, be careful on SNS
1. Be cautious of using SNS
2. Don't be late
3. Appearance management
4. Practice singing and dancing
5. Yesung, please do well
6. Participate in important meetings
7. Follow the leader well
Don’t be late
For important meetings, participate properly
Completed the rules with their heart and soul
What time is it?
You’re not late
Hard working members who protect the rules
I'm not late
Oh, everyone came on time
What time are we going for today?
9 o’clock
At that time, we weren’t late once
We weren’t late. I wasn’t late today.
After that ended, you were late every day!
Hey…
Dissatisfaction
Overreaction
You’re late every day!
You and Donghae are late the most!
Super Junior my tardiness leader
Hyung!
Hey
Truthfully speaking-
You talked for the first time today right now!
Your first word was ‘Hyung’!
Variety first words "Hyung"
Truthfully speaking, Donghae is late more often than me.
Hey, you can’t say that.
When we did schedules this time around, the time I spent waiting for other members has to be at least 60 hours
If I’d done variety during that time, I would have done better than the other members!
That’s not… That’s not right
How was it? My fast reflexes
You’re zero for this kind of thing!
You resort to using your hands whenever I say something!
I didn’t use my hands, I used my feet!
I was going for a high-five, with my foot
Let's do a high five with my foot...
Hyung, I did okay, right?
Harsh advice of
level 5 quick wits
No, you can’t show the viewers the bottom of your foot
Phase of learning variety skills
This isn’t important, but we have to decide on it again
Super Junior's new rules 2018 ver.
Eunhyuk, since you’re the scribe, write it down
Official scribe
For the first rule, don’t be late to schedules
Suju rule 1
Don't be late
Being late
Don't be too late, on days before schedules, before sleeping, I always think about that…tomor-
Don’t think about that, just sleep!
He can’t accept it, his reflexes… His mouth is locked
Is this the Youngchul role thingy...?
We have to give Yesung a 1 for reflexes too, wait, no, for Youngchul role
That’s why for Yesung, it’s 1!
The No.1 Man. Please change the diagram
1-sung
Since your last name is Kim, Kim 1-sung
1sung that's lost for words because of level 5 quick wits
All 1, so 1-sung. Not Yesung, but 1-sung
Totally happy 0hae
1-sung!
Then make is sound cool, call me No.1
South Korea Number One 1[il]-sung
All one
There should be some kind of punishment for being late
Let's go strong this time
Going in ice water
Stops-
Going into ice water... or jumping into the sea
His voice
Then I'm not gonna be on this show at all!
Everyone
Freeze
Late people just won't come
Suddenly sad
The person who's late will use their card or name in the company to buy all the staff dinner that day
They have to
To go even stronger than that
Not receiving pay that day!
That's a bit...
- LT: The members
- HC: Giving it to the other members!
No
- EH: You give it to the remaining members
- DH: Do we really have to go that far for being late?
- EH: It's the most basic thing not to be late
- LT: Let's go for something that's cuter
Pulling up the root of lateness
Let's decide the punishment by turning the roullete. We'll include the ice water as punishment.
- LT: Being splashed with ice water, being hit by a stick, being hit with the sole, buying food
- SD: Then we will turn it
No mercy for latecomers!
Hit by a stick
- DH: Hyung! Do we have to go this far just for being late?
- HC: End it with buying food
Too much
What about something like hugging the member so he won't be late again?
Ugh! Hey!
Ah... Lee 0-hae
With a warm, loving heart
I've always hugged you so you don't be late
Yeah exactly, so let's do something like that
But then again humans can be late once in a while. Let's make exception for the first time
Truly 1-sung's quick wits
Fast thinking
is difficult
No, 0 minutes 0 seconds allowed
And the second rule, you need to promote on SNS on the broadcast day
That's right, promotion!
Doesn't only apply to us, include all the managers and staffs as well
Suju clock's comeback
I came first!
Wait a second! Let's do a round check whether all the staffs have arrived
Let's be fair and do a
check up on the crew also!
Our PD-nim? Since like he's not here yet
Very
sensitive
He's not here yet!
Dis
trust
Lee Donghae, this won't do
He's a thug!
We're doing it, how is it a business?!
About to explode!
- HC: What do you mean 'us'?!
- YS: At our concert you-
What could have
made them this angry?
In the end, the members
could follow the Suju Rules well!
First place!
Can I just go in?
I've heard that the staffs have something to tell us regarding these rules
Right, PD-nim?
There's some rule that the PD wants us to keep
In accordance to the format of our show, the mission will only be released on the spot
So, you aren't allowed to express dissatisfaction on the mission given
- EH: Wait a second
- HC: I don't want to do this
Wait a second! We need to know the extent (of the mission)
Not this~
Sudden rush of worries
- EH: Wait, wait! We need to make a plan between us
- SD: Let's talk amongst ourselves first
Nervously
Anxiously
Then if we accept the rule, we can ask for something
Calling an emergency strategy meeting
In order to make this program a bigger hit, let's ask the PD to shave off his hair
Chat
In the end, what
will they propose...
Then let's do this
If there's something that you feel like you can't do, let's make an exception list
Three exception coupons
Okay! Three things you really can't do for each person
OK Accepted!
- LT: Okay list it out
- HC: For me firstly,
Exposure. I really can't expose myself
- EH: Exposure
- EH: Exposure and...
You should write 'exposure for others'
- For others?
- Yes for others
If he wants to expose himself, he can do that but not if anyone asks him to take clothes off
Only reveal within my limits
I do have the tendency to expose myself, I don't like others exposing me
He can do it for himself, not for the sake of others
And the second one...?
- HC: What else is there?
- LT: You always have to eat
Looking for 'food' right when filming starts
Let's eat breakfast
Hurry! Let's eat! I am hungry!
I am hungry!
Kim Heechul's motivation
As long as meals are taken care of Anything is possible
Food food food food!
PD: That's a relief
It's a relief
Meal on time
Wait, wait! I hear someone shouting out the song "It's a relief" by Lee Juck
With a low tone, "It's a relief"
Leave it alone
Then...
Suddenly careful
Meal on- ugh, What should I do?
What to do...?
- HC: You guys think first.
- YS: For me, heights.
- LT: Oh, heights!
- SD: Ah, acrophobia.
- LT: If there's anyone who has anything in mind, list it.
- SD: Water for me.
- I am okay with everything else.
- Bungee Jumping
- EH: Shindong Hyung...
- SD: I can deal with public baths.
Heights also for me
- YS: Huh? You don't have acrophobia do you?
- DH: No, no. I don't like heights
And also... water
Water?
Hey, your name is Donghae (East Sea), how can you hate water?
And you love seafood so much
That really doesn't suit you
Donghae / Not the sea
Man who lives differently to his name
For me, eating
For example if I have to eat things that I can't eat
Things like seafood for you
- EH: Yeah, for example live octopus. That is really just.
- HC: Me too!
- EH: Because back then, what program was it again?
- LT: It was on MBC Every1
Eunhyuk is usually a picky eater
You have to eat exotic food
Nah Misuk was hosting that programme
I went on that programme, what I ate on that program was,
Cheese!
Raw rabbit's liver and-
Reaction level 5
Reaction
You ate that?
And something called Monster Cheese which smelled of poop
Reaction level 1
Reaction
Eating poop would have been better
But then, since my reaction was so good,
They asked me to put the monster cheese on top of the raw liver
This is why his stamina got a full 5
Even if it was just that time, I had level 5 stamina...
So for me, it is eating
I wanna add another one
Shooting too early in the morning
At what time? What is your standards of early?
Since my face swells a lot in the morning
11 AM
But if we film overseas, we need to start early
Do we have time to go overseas?
Ah...
Are we going abroad?
To be honest, I prefer doing things in the country
Because of Yesung's acrophobia, even when we are in the flight, he just sits like this
There was once when we took a flight during a rainy day, he goes all "aaaaah~" alone beside me
I prefer if the shooting starts after 11am, within the country
Okay Hyung, after 11am only
What do you want, Leeteuk?
Well for me, there's nothing I specifically am scared of
Yeah, Leeteuk is good at doing everything. He's the kind of variety idol that staffs love
Variety talent of this era
Nothing "special" to report
For me, making me host. Take me out of it
Now we're slowly getting to the end...
Hosting? Okay
Something like asking me to talk a lot
Ah, not forcing you to talk a lot
Voluntary variety participation strongly requested
No talking on a variety!
On a variety show! Not talking! What do you wanna do then?
Our members are still amazing even after 13 years
I will just do it when I want to. So- water, heights, and talking
Will not say anything unless it's funny
On a variety show, only talking when you want to
Variety philosophy of 0-hae alone
You probably won't have screen time on broadcast then. We will feature those are that more funny the most
Stern
Cold
Ah, coldly?
That's cold
But me- that won't work for me. I really can't do games
To be funny, you have to do some personal talent like making sounds of pigeons flying.
How can I win over something like this?
Just do it, you rascal!
I can't do all these games if you do it like a survival show
This isn't a survival show! What survival show you are talking about?
Is this Survival Super Junior?
We're not doing this individually, but as a group. What the staffs are talking about is-
Explanation of the program for Lee 0-hae
Super TV is a program that will recreate all the
variety program formats in SJ's own style
Complaining if you don't have much screentime
I won't do that
Of course
You just have to observe. If you feel like this member is doing well on that day, just stick right next to him.
That's wise
HC: Then we'll never see Yesung and Donghae next to each other
1-sung teaching 0-hae kk
There was someone who called me asking to show him the initial editing before broadcast
- SD: Initial editing?
- HC: It was you wasn't it?
smirk
Why did you ask to see that?
I was just curious since it's been a long time I've been on TV
Something that is exclusively for the PD, how dare you!
So actually
You really asked him to show you?
No but since I have no idea, I got so excited. That is why.
That's why I thought Donghae had passion for variety shows
So that's how the story started
That was passionate
Touched~
It's a relief that you thought of me nicely
What else is there? Hurry, let's eat!
I also
..want to..
be praised
Lastly, you are not allowed to release spoilers of the show!
I agree on this one
I heard that someone was talking about our show before at a fansign
171111 Super Junior Sincheon Fansign Fanacc
T SJ Returns- since the response was so good, they are preparing an individual
SJ variety show similar to EHB~ get excited!
And they said there will be a group variety show like EHB ㅠㅜㅜ
Since the response to Returns was so good, they said they're preparing an SJ variety show like EHB~
Recently Super TV has been
spoiled for some people
What did he talk about?
Hahah~
I never say things like that?
But for me- I wasn't spoiling the show I just
Members attack
Then from these punishments-
Hey, you guys were there too! You were there too! You all were there!
We were kinda surprised. Is he allowed to talk about it?
Humiliated leader's drowning plan
I was just saying we are doing something together
He talked about the repackage too
But you have to think it from the staffs perspective, they might have not liked it
Only after consulting with the crew we can do spoilers
Keeping your mouth shut
Rules decided~
All satisfied (?)
finishing the rules
How did they know though?
We don't have many
If there's misregulation of our rules-
But how
..did you..
know about it?
How did you know?
It was on SNS?
Is there seal at this house? Do I have my seal?
You are not going to eat, are you?
0-hae gets full points on voluntary variety
You are good~!
No, there was stuff to eat in that room, I saw
Get your fingers printed here
You have to get your fingerprints
- EH: The rules this time round is quite simple
- HC: Yesung's finger is really small
YS: I did it with my pinky finger
DH: Were you making a promise?
Shindong returns with something
No
But this can't be broadcasted
What's that?
Do we have to do it with our thumbs?
He really brought out his seal!
Official seal is ready
What is this?
This is... what I use when I need to sign.. for business
You are doing business again?
Stop that already!
Let's forbid business! No business!
Why do you wanna forbid bussiness? It's my personal life!
Unfair
Then, there's something I wanna add. No personal schedules on filming days
Don't say things like you have something to do at whatever time. Because of an individual, we always have change things up.
Uh-oh
This is
..not okay..
No! That won't do for me.
- LT: That's not for us but for the sake of the staffs
- HC: I know right?!
- LT: That's probably what the staff want
- EH: Hyung, you were bribed by the staff, right?
Me? Me?
When we were writing, the PD and staff were saying something
.Truthfully.
Smack
.Confess .
Thanks to Shindong
Completed rules they are all satisfied with
But, it is kinda right to do
But not just this-
It is for the sake of the show to do well
That's for our sake too then
So it is completed~
Super Junior Rules Finished ver. 2018
Super TV Rules
1. Don't be late
(Have to buy food for the staff, butt slap)
2. Have to promote the show on SNS before it airs
(Includes members, managers, film crew)
3. No spoilers, keep your mouth shut
4. No businesses
5. No personal schedules on filming day
Will everyone be able to follow them?
Now let's go eat
Let's eat
We will change location for the first filming
This is the the first shoot?
Yes
We are only starting the first filming. No, it hasn't even started.
That Owl PD really talks too much! His glasses look like an owl too!
Hoot~
Since xTVN is a new broadcast channel, we will open up a party
Prepared a grand party
Will we be wearing tuxedos?
Excited
Really?
Isn't it that kind of party? The one where we kept eating last time?
Crazy Variety SUPER TV
Ready? Let's go!
Let's go to the location of the mysterious (?) party!
Through 0Hae's lead
The ride's already in a party mood
Charging up the excitement
So far, his variety show energy is still alive
Working hard
Simply excited
It can't be simply a party. There must be something when we get there
(worrying about the show by himself)
I'm sure it's not just a party...
We'll have to do something...
Is it like Amor Fati?
Amor Fati?
Up and down
Since it is the first episode, it must be something tough
(worried about the show)
I wanna have a pajama party
I wanna have a Pajama Party
0Hae who's working hard in giving reactions
Wearing pajamas~
In the midst of all this, the sorrowful 1Sung
Why does Yesung Hyung sing so sadly?
When did I do that?
Check it later on the broadcast
So, where are we heading right now?
We’re going somewhere to party
curious
Really
I’m really curious, what are they going to film?
We're having a party
But everyone here is probably thinking in their heads, it's not just a party
I thought it's just a normal party
We really became 6 people
How?
I don't know you bastard
Suddenly a cursing party(?)
Why are you ******* swearing!?
*******
Wild reactions at the violent show of affection
It's fun when I curse right?
I don't think this can air
It's because there's no real malice behind it
Of course Hyung has no malice
What about a Bachelor party?
How about a bachelor party?
That’s good
Oh that sounds great
There are a lot of people who think Shindong isn't a bachelor
Hitting with strong words
Speechless
The name of the program I did was called ‘A Bachelor In a Relationship’
The Bachelor goes on a Date (2008)
Leeteuk as the MC, a hidden camera kind of program
where distracting events keep happening while on a date
Let's do this kind of thing too
Putting one person up to a blind date!
Put one member on a blind date. We know about each other but we don't know what their attitude is like toward a girl.
How will the members act in the presence of the opposite sex?
I think that would be interesting
That seems fun?
Thrilling Suju-ting
The girl will do a date for six times with all the members
[T/N: From MNET's show 'The Thrilling Blind Date']
The Thrilling SUJU-ting
A program wherein SUJU members
compete for one girl's heart
Let's do something similar to that and choose the best man
I really wanted to make an appearance on X-Men and Love Letter in the past
1Sung who wished to appear on a dating show...
Seeing other members on those programs… I was envious
It's good that you didn't, I got hurt because I was edited out
Only got hurt because of being edited out
Just because you got hurt, that doesn't mean I would get hurt too
Somehow this feels bitter..
.                                                 0Hae and 1Sung
But I think you would get hurt back then, same as me
Let's do a We Got Married between us
Between the members?
We vote between us
Ah between the members?
Between
Us guys?
Let's do "We GTLT"
We Live Together
A program where SUJU members
will be living with each other
Let's do a We Got To Live Together by making couples between the members
Let's put the most awkward members together!!
The two most awkward people together
Uncomfortable combination line 1
Donghae x Shindong
Then I want to live with Shindong Hyung
SD: No!! Don't! Please!
YS: Heechul-Leeteuk
Uncomfortable combination line 2
Heechul x Leeteuk
EH: That's right! Leeteuk Hyung and Heechul Hyung living together will match even less
Uncomfortable combination line 3
Eunhyuk x Yesung
He's really mean isn't he?
Shall we talk about a variety program we've watched recently?
Let's take some ideas from those
For me, SJ returns was the most fun
Going on a group trip, that was so much fun
The trip! Escape the restaurant!
When it was released on Naver, it topped on the Daily, Weekly, Monthly Charts.
SJ Returns channel ranked 1st
on daily, weekly, monthly charts
Total number of views: 25M (according to Naver)
And even surpassed 240,000 views
Other celebrities said they had fun watching SJ returns so I was really happy
Gugudan’s Mina said she enjoyed watching it
Devoted viewer gugudan Mina
When is Mina going to appear here?
Oh, I hope she can come
Lets do a Mina special and call GGD’s Mina, Twice’s Mina, and World Cup singer Mina
DH: Old fashioned people
Praises for quick wit regarding the 'Mina' idea~
Please call Gugudan’s Mina as a guest
What else can we do?
Oh! What do you think about watching a movie as a group? Sounds good right?
All watching a movie together?
0Hae’s idea
It won't even air a thing due to copyright
It can just show our faces
EH: Only the scene of us going into the theater would be shown
DH: But it would be fun if we do it together
A plan which is very 0Hae like....
Or let's do Sujumanman, something like Yashimmanman and have a talk show with those people who look down on us
SUJUMANMAN
EH: Let's do a staring competition since it's Pyeongchang Olympics
HC: Let's do fortune telling for 2018
I want to have my fortune told by a physiognomist
Super fortune-telling
A program which explains your fortune
based on facial features and palm reading
Yeah something like that!
Let's do shamanism special episode
We'll do shamanism and then the next episode, we'll do T-moneyism
[T/N: Play on words]
Stuff like a tour using public transport
Tmoney-ism
A program wherein SUJU
will be using the public transportation
Using different public transports each
Shamanism -> Tmoney-ism -> Rainism
And then after that we do Rainism and then all take turns to perform rainism
What will you do?
Donghae should try to hold his pee in
Donghae pee
Holding your pee in, in a car
Suddenly?
Su...ddenly?
But Donghae's scared of water
HC: If you're scared of water, does it mean you can't pee?
DH: I'm 0 points at receiving jokes, I can't answer
I'm 0hae... what are you expecting...
EH: Let's do hearing test
SD: There's something like this right, get evaluated by drawing...
HC: Oh yeah!
HC: Super Vitamin
Super Vitamin
A program wherein SUJU members
take a medical examination
SD: Yeah! Mental Medical checkup...
Let's test our IQ's
EH: How about we do an IQ test?
HC: I got scolded by my teacher because my IQ came out as 20 when I was in middle school
Middle school student
"Won't you do things properly?!"
HC: I don't know where are we going to. They aren't giving any instructions either
EH: I really have no idea what we're doing
SD: No one ask us to do it but we talked a lot because the cameras are on!
HC: No one even told us to do anything
No one gave directed them to do anything...
Leeteuk who is taking a rest for a bit
Saving up energy for the party filming later
LT: I think I have to sleep now so that I can film later
HC: I’m so sleepy, I'm done now, I wanna go home
Please look at our Hyungㅋㅋ
Yawn_that also wants to be_shown on broadcast
HC: I've talked more than on Knowing Bros
DH: Ah, but
T/N: (geundae means 'but' in Korean and it has a similar pronunciation with army=gundae)
No but...
SD: We’ve already discharged from the army
You've been to the army
No..but
No but...
I said we’ve already discharged from the army
I said you've been to the army already
DH: BUT
Clearly
But.
Yeah, it’s modern (geundae) society
HC: But -> Muscled Pig
[T/N: He means Geundae is an abbreviation for muscle=Geun(yook) pig=Dwae(ji)]
No, but… that... you know...
Say something!
Frustrated
HC: Let’s teach Donghae Korean first
Forget variety show
Let's take a Korean proficiency test
Hyung, you know that right? What was it...
HC: We should let Donghae and people like Sam Okyere battle to see who speaks Korean better
[T/N: Woorimal battle is also a TV show]
Woorimal Battle (with Donghae)
Foreigner VS. Donghae
A match on whose better at our
language
He'd be much better
Korean language ability is also 0...?
HC/SD: Okyere’s Korean is really good
It's Oil Bank!
Oil Party?
Oil party?
Let's go to the dentist
Let's go to the Dentist
Teeth(?) party?
SD: Teeth party?
My_members_are_the funniest in the world
Wow seriously, you guys are really good
Amazed
At what?
Everything
You guys would be the best at talking among idols right?
No
I feel prideful of you
No, there are people better than your Hyungs
EH: We have both the best talkers and the worst talkers in our team
How can we have both?
From 0 to 5, they are evenly distributed, which makes them the best combination
We have to be a mix to do well
Wait I think we're here?
I think we're here?
No, the atmosphere doesn't have a party feeling
There's no party
feeling here?
It's a market here
Are we doing something at the market?
Who will be in charge of this market?
[T/N: Word play on the words "market" and "charge" that sound similar in Korean]
Who will take over this market?
What is this party place which surprised the members..
What is that blue box?
EH: What's that
LT: Food show
Ey. This. Can't. Be!
SD: Oh no way!
That's why we prepared
Escape the restaurant IRL
SD: Escape the restaurant?
SD: Do we go the place we pick?
EH: We have to eat all the food here?
The board game pan was remade with restaurants!
You rented this whole place?
A number from the board game represents a restaurant
DH: It will be fun today
Escape the restaurant: Real life version
SD: This sounds okay though
EH: Escape The Restaurant is fun and all but you've made the scale too big!
Let's not do things like this!